if I'm in a situation that, um something is amiss, and I didn't cause
it, Um, a lot of times you're still gonna be blamed for it. Anyways,
you just realize that's the way that it is. It's always been like that
at every single command that have had. Um, it's even like that in
the civilian world. So number one don't take it to heart. No one's
gonna be blaming U. S. Oh, that's wrong. They will blame you, Right?
But in the end, everyone realizes that you're human as well. And especially
the officers they can kind of see whether it's your fault
or not. You know, like as a chief, you could say, Well, we didn't get
this maintenance done. Um, it's up on. The folks will super, far,
far in the front. And I've been in the galley in the kitchen all day
with this 111 thing the officer can say, Well, you know what? The folks
of things should have been done. And it's your fault, Chief. And
the wrong answer is to say, it's not my fault. I wasn't there. No
chief will ever answer that way. The correct response is well the officer
is not actually blaming me. He's the one who sent me to the galley
to fix things, but it's his responsibility to make sure that it
gets done. And he hasn't put some blame somewhere, right, because you
know, it wasn't correct. So the blame has to go somewhere. But he's
not blaming me. He's not blaming me. The chiefly leader, right? Um,
s o just accept the fact that the thing wasn't done and then find
out where the blame should be. Should be focused, right? And then creek
that that problem. But don't take it to heart. Don't take the complaints
against you, Toe heart. If it is your fault, then of course,
fess up to it, you know? But if it's not your fault, don't place
the blame in other places. The goal is find out where the blame is and
then correct it there without being so defensive about it.